Docs updates (#2081)
vyperlang/vyper: docs/interfaces.rst

    @external
    def __init__(foobar_address: address):
        self.foobar_contract = FooBar(foobar_address)

    @external
    def test():
        self.foobar_contract.calculate()

Specifying ``payable`` or ``nonpayable`` annotation indicates that the call made to the external contract will be able to alter storage, whereas the ``view`` ``pure`` call will use a ``STATICCALL`` ensuring no storage can be altered during execution. Additionally, ``payable`` allows non-zero value to be sent along with the call.

.. code-block:: python

    interface FooBar:
        def calculate() -> uint256: pure
        def query() -> uint256: view
        def update(): nonpayable
        def pay(): payable

    @external
    def test(some_address: address):
        FooBar(some_address).calculate()  # cannot change storage
        FooBar(some_address).query()  # cannot change storage, but reads itself
        FooBar(some_address).update()  # storage can be altered
        FooBar(some_address).pay(value=1)  # storage can be altered, and value can be sent

Importing Interfaces
====================

Interfaces are imported with ``import`` or ``from ... import`` statements.

> Imported interfaces are written using standard Vyper syntax, with the body of each function replaced by a ``pass`` statement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imported interfaces are written using standard Vyper syntax, with the body of each function simply ignored by importing it. If you are defining a standalone interface, it is normally specified by using a ``pass`` statement:
```

.. code-block:: python

    @external
    def test1():
        pass

    @external
    def calculate() -> uint256:
        pass

> You can also import a fully implemented contract and Vyper will automatically convert it to an interface. It is even possible for a contract to import itself to gain access to it's own interface.

Reviewer: Should we show an example of this?

```python
import .greeter as Self

name: public(String[10])

@external
def __init__(_name: String[10]):
    self.name = _name

@view
@external
def greet() -> String[16]:
    return concat("Hello ", Self(msg.sender).name())
```

Imports via ``import``
----------------------

With absolute ``import`` statements, you **must** include an alias as a name for the imported package. In the following example, failing to include ``as Foo`` will raise a compile error:

.. code-block:: python

    import contract.foo as Foo

Imports via ``from ... import``
-------------------------------

Using ``from`` you can perform both absolute and relative imports. With ``from`` import statements you **cannot** use an alias - the name of the interface will always be that of the file:

.. code-block:: python

>     from contract import foo

Reviewer: These two import rules seem weird together

Author: Yeah, this is what #2083 addresses

Reviewer: So #2083 would make it so you can use an alias on `from ...` statements, right?

Does it also allow _not_ using an alias on regular imports? I feel like this would be most consistent

Author: It doesn't work very well for regular imports, because you'd end up with an interface named `path.to.interface`

Reviewer: > It doesn't work very well for regular imports, because you'd end up with an interface named `path.to.interface`

Ahhhhh, gotcha
